## TODO ##

1. <del>make sure dir browsing is off</del>
2. <del>make dir look like above</del>
3. <del>add sql.sql to .gitignore</del>
4. <del>try PDOException in edit_page.php</del>
5. <del>add ':' to the array token in edit_page.php</del>
6. <del>add .todo.md with all of this info</del>
7. <del>remove utilities.inc.php from all commits
	<https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History#Changing-Multiple-Commit-Messages></del>
8. <del>clean up all git repos</del>
9. <del>remove non-essential depends from <startbootstrap></del>
10. look at the Unity3D cert overview pdf for post styling 
	<https://certification.unity.com/themes/certification/docs/exam-objectives/certified-programmer/UCP_Exam_Objectives_ENG.pdf>
11. add commenting feature
12. add registration page
13. seo friendly urls and routing
14. re-write with static implementation of PDO?
15. <del>__fix add_page view__</del>
16. <del>make add_page act like edit_page</del>
17. <del>add try catch block to add_page.php</del>
18. <del>add unable to add page message to add_page.php</del>
19. <del>change new exception to simple echo if query fails in edit_page.php?</del>
20. <del>change all files in views dir from .html to .view.php</del>
21. <del>change "throw exception" to error_log and echo message in:</del>
22. <del>change "Exception" to "PDOException" in:</del>
23. <del>get rid of error.html, use inline messages and error log</del>
24. <del>add try catch to login.php</del>
25. <del>check if pageTitle works</del>
26. <del>make static error class, somthing like:</del>
27. <del>make archive page a table</del>
28. <del>get rid of the QuickForm2 crap in the login page</del>
29. <del>when checking for valid page id, may be a better idea to redirect instead of echoing an error message</del>
30. <del>__add form validation__</del>
31. <del>add contact page</del>
32. <del>fix order by issue</del>
33. <del>add image file to pages table</del>
34. <del>add tag system, choose from a few images stored localy based on a post's tag</del>
35. add archive sorting via ajax using the category tag
36. Remove error handler. Use built in PHP instead.
37. In read_page.views.php, change p tag arround the getContent call to a div container
